today murdock the demolisher was
murdered
the middle field was what he said
I only have one question
Why?
ae
welcome to another bingo on
review
and a shorts short end of days
each side that the band launches two volumes
and which had the possible view of
death of the demolisher our dear hero
From Hell's Kitchen That's Even Matt
murdock died
this is what is being planned since
2006 by michael bendis and david mec
only in 2013 as if it was released there
off being critically acclaimed
specializes in bringing the
dark weather for the demolisher all
requirements for you this story
You first have to read by eyes.
closed because it is a story of the
demon to the globe
this story is one of the
recently in history because the
debtor is one of the heroes of marvel who
There are more classics and this one is
different is that a compilation of
all the demolisher mythology all
linked to a plot in the art is happening
after his death what happens here
the demolisher who finally measures edge
was killed if he has no middle ground and died
it shows the end of everything as it would be
last story of the demolisher showing
death of club doctor michael bendis
and 80 showed the vision of how the
world losing one of its largest
marvel heroes in the case of the demolisher
here is no middle ground mexico than
he really died and last word
who told him that he pronounced it was
maicon nobody knows the meaning of this
the medium where the word said by means
before dying it becomes so strong that
His revelation is not even done
impressive was just an excuse to
today who discovered who was mete murdock
really
and then that went well in the link to who
meet a reporter from the marvel universe
that would be equivalent to a hobby like
spider man the reporter spent his life
involved with the deeds of the hero to the
end of days that brings another tale
about the for the ultimate hero demolisher
From the kitchen of hell he died and then
the story begins to show the whole life of
residents
in franchise format on your uniform
we clearly think of him as someone
gloomy though demolisher pass
far from being one of the heroes of the
marvel universe
although its most known phases have
he as tired hero revolted with
something but it's not the sad face and
yes, cheerful but realistic looking and
said the team of artists in a somber tone
brought back as a backdrop for
the story
but when everything with the main seasoning
of the 80 's character
your human side so here it already shows
several hero with serious noise
you 're old enough you're trying to do the
Of course his last job is
To unravel this death here is about stir and
the impact of his death on the city of new
york
the dive that stars the series and
collecting every piece his life and
interviews in interrogations with
characters that were part of the routine
from mette murdoch
there is an imminent danger about the
urique in which he is sinking then
he goes there and goes on the elektro and see the
panic and turned sort of a hannibal
lecter did not want to take people but he
is very reclusive o the parties like the
Scenarios are excellent even with the
dirt darkness after the hero's death
the only one who seems to be walking in a
light in the kitchen of hell every
haunted alley where the hero passed
has something to show him
so this whole thing has several points
tall face is a clear tribute to life
the demolishing everything he went with
frank mille's writer safar
including who draws the couple here
danced accompanying miller in the failure of
motor in open areas and everything and
This one is really a tribute.
biological build the entire image
hell kitchen hero ben hur
he became obsessed with this thing so
and the most religious characters in the
Close marvel for a picky boxer
out of the standards of any parent of the year
very kind, dead in cold blood
I was lost, the guy always had his
random beliefs
moved by revenge at the time trained
by stretching the blind to learn discipline
in combat form was soon walking
alleys and buildings
The strange that the kitchen of hell
always showed something for medium
in theory that neighborhood became their
eyes he knows everything that happened
in that place conquering friends and
making many enemies through
various elements that have made man
without fear of getting resolved were divided
because of this
divided this one into two parts would be
much cooler to put everything in a
hardcover notebook I would pay
easily 40 contos 66 would charge this and
because the story really is very good
especially for those who are fans and know
take some time because I do not
I'll tell you that you need
law is here but really if you
You want to get here and demolition has
various clues of the whole past is
a cool way for you to get to know
the story of the hero they talk a little
of past stories have representations
own pace here is totally
standardized a climate in the air all this is
all serious really all that
macu breaker must be a character
dark though macworld is not a
person that will go funny and friend of
spider man canton has a whole spirit
This is not where the fans will like the cover.
which shows the demolisher already dead in
one of the cool covers on several covers has
alex brown's cases just chose
furlan was the promo that was well
Nice to see the second part.
art needs no comment has the cloud
loop which is the phase took himself
free miner Alex without a barrier in the
Raven Moon Knight and also
own demolisher of recent times has
the bill sienkiewicz fantastic artist
made adaptations of classic books of the
drawings are always above expectation
and here he looks so good or still
better than we expected
although he thinks that his work moby
dick is the most flawless thing and to live and
It 's Mac's duty. I do not know if you can help me.
wrote the artist also for whom
know of developed machines that are
very good
he designed the covers and the good of
write nothing then the pair is
returning to the demolisher for that
phase
the elector that the demon of the body goes
win the series now netflix will call
since jonas I do not know why not put
the name is because it already has up to a number
The most expensive company you have
what to see that means is not you have
what laws here is really the same thing
for anyone who has never read anything from a book
You can take the one that forms you.
They will stay until I recommend that you take
You can be curious and try
look for another character for whom
It's getting a lot of cheap tap
cloakrooms already in the first edition and handle
the second volume and I do not know if it will leave
but who won this month but it is very
Worthwhile face is the love story is one
a history totally focused on the
public of the guy I but all the legend that
he became right
after death the ecobank brought here from
A well-informed way is beautiful.
end- of-day teaser without an excellent
return to fashionable life with memories of
a bygone era that's still worth it
visit
no matter that you're worth it
meet the hero of the kitchen of hell
as a deviation from c
death is the only certainty